ah we're back hey everybody it's Mike
frieder here with the Hong Kong
compliance Solutions we're having so
much fun Studio I'm not going to kid you
we got like a long list of videos we
gotta shoot I don't even care I'm having
fun I hope you're having fun here at
home uh or work wherever it is you watch
my videos at I hope you're having a
blast and we're gonna have more of a
blast because right now we're gonna
start talking about CMC control m a DOT
l2-3.7.4 check media containing
Diagnostic and test programs for
malicious code before the media are used
in organizational systems I love this
control I think it's a good one
[Music]
thank you
say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this dmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news you've found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it so
this control I have to tell you I really
like it a lot all right and it'll share
about many controls there's 110 of them
there's only like five that I really
like a lot that's pretty fair assessment
I think here's the deal by default most
antivirus programs still don't scan upon
insertion okay they don't sorry news
flash they don't you got to configure
that that's when you take a thumb drive
or a download and insert it into your
machine okay so again scan on assertion
is when you take a thumb drive or
download you insert in your machine and
then it automatically starts scanning
okay this control sets out a mandate
that especially those programs that the
it or maintenance people are using on
our machines is specifically cleaned and
scanned before being used in a
production environment containing UI so
again they have to scan their stuff
before they use it on our machines to me
this is just great common sense but I
agree with the folks that wrote this
that the reality is most people just
would not think to check that shedding
and that setting and assume it's done
already or they haven't checked it in
years and they don't remember that Larry
the tier one it guy had disabled that on
several computers so that he won't be so
that he could get an accounting program
to work properly uh when the cfo's pants
were on fire one day back in 2019 okay
I'm going to bring up a similar example
just to kind of help out on the cyber
security front another great example
this is when you've got a firewall and
you have an any any any rule that gets
opened up so that you can like get the
phone system working or get something
working and then the IT guy goes oh
thank goodness my boss was really like
pants on fire about that issue thank
goodness I at least have it working now
and then they never go back and shut
down those ports again and make get the
way it's supposed to be and you got wide
open firewall everywhere this is the
same kind of thing just on a smaller
level okay let's check out what the
assessors are looking for on this one
all right determinive media containing
Diagnostic and test programs are checked
for malicious code before being used in
organizational systems that processes
stores or transmits cui uh look upon
insertion of any media into
organizational systems that media is
sanitized by the organization's endpoint
management system that's what your
answer should be or something very close
to it now at on-call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this dfar's nist itar and cmfc
compliance stuff dropped their laps like
a seagull on a sunny day and we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminated gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming on call compliance hero can do
for you if you're looking for more help
getting apply our compliance experts are
always on call for you you can visit
cmmc compliancecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now all right love the content
we're putting out there for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better you best it Hulk
smash that subscribe button baby let's
get more subscribers we're doing so good
all right and I love seeing you guys
subscribe it makes my day it makes us
want to get up make more videos for you
guys and really make sure that we're
delivering this incredible value uh in
terms of this content because it's not
like this stuff is easy right hey until
the next compliance tip my friend stay
safe and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign
[Music]
all right